docs: comment about installing the CA in the system store for macOS (#608)
telerik/fiddler-everywhere-docs: installation-and-setup/trust-fiddler-ca.md

1. Go to **Settings** > **HTTPS** in Fiddler Everywhere.
2. Click **Trust Fiddler CA in the User Store**.

>    >tip To install the Fiddler CA certificate in the system store, you must use the export option and then proceed with manually installing it on macOS. The Fiddler Everywhere application automatically recognizes the installed CA from the user and system stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >tip To install the Fiddler CA certificate in the system keychain, you must use the export option and then proceed with manually installing it on macOS. The Fiddler Everywhere application automatically recognizes the installed CA from the login and system keychains.
```
